docs: specifcation ethereum proxy contract (#134)
RequestNetwork/requestNetwork: packages/advanced-logic/specs/payment-network-eth-proxy-contract-0.1.0.md

This extension allows the payments and the refunds to be made in ethers on the Ethereum blockchain.
The payment is made through a proxy contract. This proxy contract performs the transfer of ethers on behalf of
the user. The contract ensures a link between an Ethereum transfer and a request through a `paymentReference`.
This `paymentReference` consists of the last 8 bytes of a salted hash of the requestId: `last8Bytes(hash(lowercase(requestId + salt + address)))`:

- `requestId` is the id of the request
- `salt` is a random number with at least 8 bytes of randomness. It must be unique to each request
- `address` is the payment address for payments, the refund address for refunds
- `lowercase()` transforms all characters to lowercase
- `hash()` is a keccak256 hash function
- `last8Bytes()` take the last 8 bytes

As a payment network, this extension allows to deduce a payment `balance` for the request. (see
[Interpretation](#Interpretation))

## Contract

The contract contains one function called `transferWithReference` which takes 2 arguments:

- `to` is the destination address
- `paymentReference` is the reference data used to track the transfer (see `paymentReference`)

> The `TransferWithReference` event is emitted when the tokens are transfered. This event contains the same 2 arguments as the `transferWithReference` function plus the `amount` of ethereum sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TransferWithReference` event is emitted when the Ether is transfered. This event contains the same 2 arguments as the `transferWithReference` function plus the `amount` of ethereum sent.
```

[See smart contract source](https://github.com/RequestNetwork/requestNetwork/blob/master/packages/smart-contracts/src/contracts/EthereumProxy.sol)

| Network | Contract Address |
| ------- | ---------------- |

> | Mainnet | TODO             |

Reviewer: Don't forget to update before merging :)

| **values.refundAddress**  | String | Ethereum address for the refund                | Optional      |

Note: to use the Rinkeby testnet, create a request with `currency.network` as `rinkeby`.

---

## Actions

### Creation

#### Parameters

|                               | Type   | Description                             | Requirement   |
| ----------------------------- | ------ | --------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| **id**                        | String | Constant value: "pn-eth-proxy-contract" | **Mandatory** |
| **type**                      | String | Constant value: "paymentNetwork"        | **Mandatory** |
| **version**                   | String | Constant value: "0.1.0"                 | **Mandatory** |
| **parameters**                | Object |                                         |               |
| **parameters.salt**           | String | Salt for the request                    | **Mandatory** |
| **parameters.paymentAddress** | String | Ethereum address for the payment        | Optional      |
| **parameters.refundAddress**  | String | Ethereum address for the refund         | Optional      |

#### Conditions

This action is valid if:

> - The `salt` is not empty and long enough (8 bytes of randomness minimum).

Reviewer: Is there a maximum?
